README.md, before:

# Requirements


## Version 9

- [x] It should have a `li` for each todo


## Version 8

- [x] It should have a button for adding a todo
- [x] It should have a button for editing a todo
- [x] It should have a button for removing a todo
- [x] It should have a button for toggling a todo


## Version 7

- [x] It should have a displayTodos button
- [x] displayTodos button should run `displayTodos` function
- [x] It should have a toggleAll button
- [x] toggleAll button should run `toggleAll` function


## Version 6

- [x] It should have a function to toggle all todos
- [x] If everything is true ==> change everything to false
- [x] If everything is false ==> change everything to true
- [x] If mixed ==> change everything to true


## Version 5

- [x] It should have a function for displaying todos
- [x] `displayTodos` should show the `todo` property and `isComplete` property


## Version 4

- [x] It should have a function to toggle a todo


## Version 3

- [x] Initialize the todos variable with objects
- [x] Add function should add objects
- [x] Edit function should edit objects


## Version 2

- [x] It should have a function to add todo
- [x] It should have a function to edit todo
- [x] It should have a function to remove todo


## Version 1

- [x] It should have a place to store todos
- [x] It should have a way to display todos
- [x] It should have a way to add todo
- [x] It should have a way to edit todo
- [x] It should have a way to remove todo

Commit message:

Display todo items in html

README.md, after:

# Requirements


## Version 9

- [x] It should have a `li` for each todo
- [x] Each `li` should show the `todo` property
- [ ] Each `li` should show the `isComplete` property


## Version 8

- [x] It should have a button for adding a todo
- [x] It should have a button for editing a todo
- [x] It should have a button for removing a todo
- [x] It should have a button for toggling a todo


## Version 7

- [x] It should have a displayTodos button
- [x] displayTodos button should run `displayTodos` function
- [x] It should have a toggleAll button
- [x] toggleAll button should run `toggleAll` function


## Version 6

- [x] It should have a function to toggle all todos
- [x] If everything is true ==> change everything to false
- [x] If everything is false ==> change everything to true
- [x] If mixed ==> change everything to true


## Version 5

- [x] It should have a function for displaying todos
- [x] `displayTodos` should show the `todo` property and `isComplete` property


## Version 4

- [x] It should have a function to toggle a todo


## Version 3

- [x] Initialize the todos variable with objects
- [x] Add function should add objects
- [x] Edit function should edit objects


## Version 2

- [x] It should have a function to add todo
- [x] It should have a function to edit todo
- [x] It should have a function to remove todo


## Version 1

- [x] It should have a place to store todos
- [x] It should have a way to display todos
- [x] It should have a way to add todo
- [x] It should have a way to edit todo
- [x] It should have a way to remove todo
